Updating README.md file (#55)
NREL/dgen: README.md

## Get Your Tools
Install Docker for [(Mac)](https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-mac/install/) or [(Windows)](https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-windows/install/)

- Important: In Docker, go into Docker > Settings ("Gear" icon in top-right corner of application) > Resources and up the allocation for disk size image for Docker. 16 GB is recommended for smaller (state level) databasese. 32 GB is recommended for ISO specific databases. 70+GB is required for restoring the national level database. If you get a memory issue then you'll need to up the memory allocation and or will need to prune past failed images/volumes. Running the below docker commands will clear these out and let you start fresh:
```
   $ docker system prune -a 
   $ docker volume prune -f
``` 
- Please refer to Docker’s [documentation](https://docs.docker.com/reference/) for more details.

- Install [Anaconda for Python 3.7](https://www.anaconda.com/download/success). Users with VPNs may need to turn their VPNs off while installing or updating Anaconda.

> - Install [PgAdmin](https://www.pgadmin.org/download/). Download pgAdmin 4 based on your operating system (i.e., macOS, Windows, etc.).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Install [PgAdmin](https://www.pgadmin.org/download/). Download pgAdmin 4 based on your operating system (i.e., macOS, Windows, etc.). If prompted, ignore all of the options for installing docker, python, os host, etc.
```
Just keeping this note in case user is prompted during installation

- Try googling errors.

### C. Create Local Server:

> Once the database is restored (it will take some time), open PgAdmin and create a new server. To do this, right-click on "Servers" (located in top-left corner of application), and then click on Register --> Server. In the "General" tab, name this whatever you want (e.g., "dgen_db"). In the "Connection" tab, input "localhost" (or 127.0.0.1) in the "Host name/address" cell and "postgres" in both the "Username" and "Password" cells. Hit the "Save" button in the bottom-right corner of the dialogue box. Upon refreshing this and opening the database dropdown, you should be able to see your database. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the database is restored (it will take some time), open PgAdmin and create a new server. To do this, right-click on "Servers" (located in top-left corner of application), and then click on Register --> Server. In the "General" tab, name this whatever you want (e.g., "dgen_db"). In the "Connection" tab, input "localhost" (or 127.0.0.1) in the "Host name/address" cell and "postgres" in both the "Username" and "Password" cells. "Port" is defaulted to `5432`, but if you used a different port number while setting up the database, update this to match that port number. Next, click the "Save" button in the bottom-right corner of the dialogue box. Finally, right-click "Servers" and then the "Refresh" option. Upon refreshing this and opening the database dropdown, you should be able to see your database. 
```
Added a few additional instructions
